Q1. Create a list call cars that contains following car makers
BMW, Chrysler, Ford, GM, Honda, Hyundai, Kia, Mercedes, Nissan, VW

a) print your list
b) print carmaker with index 1
c) print carmakers at index 3  and index 7
d) print first three carmakers in the list
e) Explain why print(cars[-1]) will print VW
f) Add Tesla to the list using append
g) Add Porsche to the 3rd index using insert 
h) Delete Nissan from the list
i) Sort your list in alphabetical order
j) repeat your carmakers list three times and print output
k) print the length of your list
l) Demonstrate sort() and sorted() using your carmakers list
m) Reverse your carmakers list in reverse alphabetical order
n) Create a tuple call perfectNumber and add known perfect numbers to the list
o) Try to add 2 to your list perfectNumber

Q2. Create a set call countries that contains following countries
countries = ['Canada', 'USA', 'Mexico', 'France', 'Germany', 'UK', 'Russia', 'China', 'Japan', 'Korea', 'South Africa', 'UAE', 'India', 'Australia’, ‘India’, 'Brazil']

a) print how many countries are in the set
b) Determine the length of the set
c) Display countries from index 0 to index 4
d) Sort your set
e) rename the set to country_set
f) Using country_set, add country Ghana
e) Determine if Argentina is in the set
f) print updated set
g) using pop() to remove country. Which country was removed?

Q3. Create a dictionary(map) with following content and name it totalMedalOlympic2016

Country		Total medals
USA 		121
China		70
GBR		67
Russia		57
Germany		42
France		42
Japan		41
Australia	29
Italy		28
Canada		22
Korea		21

a) Using keys to print the country
b) Using values to print medal counts
c) Add brazil to dictionary with 19 medal counts
d) Print totalMedalOlympic2016 dictionary including last country Brazil
e) Determine if country Poland is in the dictionary. It must indicate whether it is true or false
f) Use get method to retrieve Poland's medal count
g) Use identity operator to check see if Poland is in the dictionary. Your answer should be either True or false

Q4. Create an array call array and add known perfect numbers to the list. Be sure that you import numpy and array
import array as arr
import numpy as np
array = np.array([6, 28, 496, 8128])

a) Divide array by 3
b) Add 7 to the array
c) Multiply array by 13
d) Add number 144 to array
e) Remove 8128 from array
b) create a list call listPerfectNum and divide that list by 3. Do you get an error?


Q5. Import turtle and draw two circles, two squares and draw a cirle and filled with red color
import turtle
t = turtle.Pen()